good morning it's january
17 2021
and it's a sunday here in l.a
clear morning very slight breeze this
morning
around 59 degrees fahrenheit 15
celsius today
i was thinking about cherry pie
and not uh not the day
it was baked but the day after
[Music]
when you get a slice of cherry pie
out of the refrigerator and when the
pies kind of more unified congealed
and the crust has some moisture in it
and you put that on a plate with a super
cold
ball of great vanilla ice cream
and you kind of take a a bit of ice
cream
with each bite of the cherry pie
should be going up to around 84 degrees
again this afternoon
29 celsius and it looks like we're going
to be enjoying
blue skies and golden sunshine
all along the way
everyone have a great day